I'm a anti-revisionist Marxist-Leninist and I've come here to debunk your statements and answer your questions:
I'm in favor of the style of democracy used in the Soviet Union, and Albania under Lenin, Stalin, and Hoxha. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okz2YMW1AwY )
This is in response to this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w22jk6bnE4

"Just because someone gets rich, doesn't mean someone becomes poor." You're missing the point, Charlie.
"When someone works for someone else, they're getting a wage, they're getting an opportunity." What opportunity? The wage they're provided is not at all the full value of their labor first of all, the boss steals the majority of profit from their employees despite contributing to no actual work themselves. This is known as the surplus value. (This video explains it more: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mI_RMQEulw ) Nor is that wage always going to be a living wage, in fact 63% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck. (https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/11/majority-of-americans-are-living-paycheck-to-paycheck-since-covid-hit.html )
"They're able to get their kids through college." With college in the US being expensive, that's not at all true. University fees have come to a point that they become unaffordable and provide predatory student debt that is burdensome later in life.
"It is inherently exploitation if someone is getting wealth." Once again, you're missing the point. Marxists don't care if someone gets wealth, we just care how they get that wealth. I've already proven why all profit is theft because of the surplus value.
"Prices go down, quality go up." This is a clear straw man since it doesn't debunk the exploitation theory. The Soviet Union fostered a better environment for innovation too, by providing universal education (including higher education), and the resources necessary to make cultural and scientific advancements along with universal worker's rights. Along with this, they had no race-relations issues or poverty. In fact- Paul Robeson (An African-American communist) said that the Soviet Union was better than the US when it comes to race relations and poverty since they didnt have those issues. (https://www.marxists.org/archive/robeson/1935/01/15.htm )
"The poorest people in America are the richest people in the world." There's no actual evidence to prove this- in fact even if it were true this completely ignores the cost of living, healthcare, higher education, etc.
"This is America, you have no money you can work hard." This is a clear bourgeois statement, and is simply false. When a few quasi-monopolistic companies get to decide who succeeds and who doesn't, that means that no matter how hard you work you can be unsuccessful. In addition, as is said earlier most Americans are living paycheck to paycheck, being unable to afford college, rent, healthcare while the 1% live in luxurious mansions with tons of money they don't need.
"I started my life 150,000 dollars in debt." Sure, maybe you were successful. But millions of other people don't, in a country where over 40 million people live in food insecurity, there is no equitable environment to give people the ability to succeed. Along with the fact that the majority of Americans live paycheck-to-paycheck. Because of this the Soviet Union fostered a much better environment for innovation than the US, particularly under Lenin and Stalin.
